Jim Holly supercross live on supercross
online com look who I found this guy
killed it last year when he was filling
in for Andrew short but now he's got
that factory Honda ride Trey Canard you
had a chance to walk in I'm here some of
your thoughts yeah it looks good looks
like it did a really good job with the
track and when I tell you what this is
my my third year coming in Anaheim here
and walking the track and man it's just
unbelievable the feeling you yet every
year to to come here and start a new
fresh here so excited to be here and to
be a part of the premier class just
unbelievable experience and looking
forward to tonight what are your goals I
know that you got a chance to watch that
CBS pre-show after Christmas Jeff
Stanton picking you to win that
championship Zeppelin pressure on you
know I mean I think the pressure comes
from myself you know I always want to
win and always want to be competitive
and and be one of the guys but you know
I think for this year as you know not to
put my standards too high and to make
sure that I have something built off of
and the main things just stay healthy I
think but you know on the other hand I
really want to win you know even though
there's some great guys I wanted to be
upfront and and to be racing with them
so you know I can do with my best and
yeah that's what I plan on doing all
right now I know why you're running the
number 41 okay but I want the viewers to
listen to the story why you're running
because I mean you won that championship
last year and congratulations in the
outdoors I didn't get a chance to see it
I was over in Europe but congratulations
you had a chance to pick any number from
one to 10 well not one cuz done geez got
it but you have it in the outdoors but
you picked 41 tell me why yeah i think
the other other decision would been six
and you know 41 was just so special to
me it was my dad's number and and kind
of a funny story he that was his first
number because is it one of the easiest
coolest things he can make out of duct
tape so kind of some some some redneck
Oklahoma for you but no it was good man
i'm so thankful to be able to run that
number and and it means a lot to me
every time i see it that you know i can
run it in his honor you know he passed
away in 2003 and to be here tonight and
kind of be living a little bit of a
dream of his and and of mine of course
it's
it's a huge honor for myself too to see
that 41 Honda underneath the Honda tin
and and hopefully we can do some good
with it tonight I heard from Trey Canard
what a great story you know he's just
putting a tribute to his pops pops going
to be watching tonight tonight could be
the possible night that he wins his
first in the 450 class here at Anaheim